Monorepo: Beta 1 Releases (#1957)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/common/CHANGELOG.md

So, enjoy the releases (this is a first round of Beta releases, with final releases following in 2-3 weeks if things go well)! 🎉

The EthereumJS Team

### London Hardfork Default

The `@ethereumjs/common` library is the base library for various upper-level EthereumJS libraries (like the VM or Transaction library), providing a common and shared view on the network and hardfork state.

A typical usage looks like this:

```typescript
import VM from '@ethereumjs/vm'
import Common, { Chain, Hardfork } from '@ethereumjs/common'

const common = new Common({ chain: Chain.Mainnet, hardfork: Hardfork.Merge })
const vm = await VM.create({ common })
```

With the `v3` release the default `Common` hardfork changes from `Istanbul` to `London`, see PR [#1749](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1749).

> **Breaking:** Please check your upper-level library instantiations (e.g. for Tx, VM,...) where you use an implicit default Common (so: do not explcitly pass in a Common instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Breaking:** Please check your upper-level library instantiations (e.g. for Tx, VM,...) where you use an implicit default Common (so: do not explicitly pass in a Common instance).
```

> **Breaking:** Please check your upper-level library instantiations (e.g. for Tx, VM,...) where you use an implicit default Common (so: do not explcitly pass in a Common instance).

Reviewer: Could this be clarified with an example (e.g. what this looks like before/after v6)? I'm not sure I get what's being said here

Reviewer: Actually there are examples in the concerned libraries changelogs, so I think this can be disregarded

### BigInt Introduction / ES2020 Build Target

With this round of breaking releases the whole EthereumJS library stack removes the [BN.js](https://github.com/indutny/bn.js/) library and switches to use native JavaScript [BigInt](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt) values for large-number operations and interactions.

> This makes the libraries more secure and robust (no more BN.js v4 vs v5 incompatibilities) and generally comes with substantial performance gains for the large-number-arithmetic-intense parts of the libraries (particularly the VM).

Reviewer: Did we ever do a final performance analysis? Could be cool to quantify the performance gains (e.g. .'substantial performance gains of up to 70% [...]')

> To allow for BigInt support our build target has been updated to [ES2020](https://262.ecma-international.org/11.0/). We feel that some still remaining browser compatibility issues on the edges (old Safari versions e.g.) are justified by the substantial gains this step brings along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our build target has been updated to [ES2020](https://262.ecma-international.org/11.0/) to allow for BigInt support. We feel that some still remaining browser compatibility issues on the edges (old Safari versions e.g.) are justified by the substantial gains this step brings along.
```
Nitpick, I feel like that's more fluent.

> See [#1671](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1671) and [#1771](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1671) for the core `BigInt` transition PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [#1671](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1671) and [#1771](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1771) for the core `BigInt` transition PRs.
```

- `setHardforkByBlockNumber(blockNumber: BigIntLike, td?: BigIntLike): string`
- `param(topic: string, name: string): bigint`
- `paramByHardfork(topic: string, name: string, hardfork: string | Hardfork): bigint`
- `paramByEIP(topic: string, name: string, eip: number): bigint | undefined`
- `paramByBlock(topic: string, name: string, blockNumber: BigIntLike, td?: BigIntLike): bigint`
- `hardforkIsActiveOnBlock(hardfork: string | Hardfork | null, blockNumber: BigIntLike): boolean`
-  `activeOnBlock(blockNumber: BigIntLike): boolean`
- `hardforkBlock(hardfork?: string | Hardfork): bigint | null`
- `hardforkTD(hardfork?: string | Hardfork): bigint | null`
- `isHardforkBlock(blockNumber: BigIntLike, hardfork?: string | Hardfork): boolean`
- `nextHardforkBlock(hardfork?: string | Hardfork): bigint | null`
- `isNextHardforkBlock(blockNumber: BigIntLike, hardfork?: string | Hardfork): boolean`
- `chainId(): bigint`
- `networkId(): bigint`

Renamings:

**Breaking:** So actually: most of the methods affected, lots of numbers going in and out particularly in this library. 😋 Please check on the method names and update accordingly.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
extra line break

#### Method Removals

Following methods have been removed, see PRs [#1698](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1698) and [#1709](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1709).

- `Common.forCustomChain()` (use newer simplified `Common.custom()` method instead)

> - All temporary `BN`-appended method names, e.g. `nextHardforkBlockBN()` (search for "BN(" e.g.))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All temporary `BN`-appended method names, e.g. `nextHardforkBlockBN()` (search for "BN(" e.g.)
```

- `supportedHardforks` constructor argument

> Also, there is no notion of `active` HFs in Common any more in the sense that HFs could be added to a chain file which would then not "activate" (e.g. the `DAO` HF for `Rinkeby`). The previous behavior/semantics had no practical benefit and chain files should now be updated to only include the HFs which would/will at some point activate on a chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, there is no notion of `active` HFs in Common anymore in the sense that HFs could be added to a chain file which would then not "activate" (e.g. the `DAO` HF for `Rinkeby`). The previous behavior/semantics had no practical benefit and chain files should now be updated to only include the HFs which would/will at some point activate on a chain.
```
